README.md, before:

# Crumbs

A small package that will determine which cookies a user is willing to accept.

## Prerequesites

Node > 10.13

## Installation and developing locally.

1. Clone the repo via `git clone git@github.com:krystal/crumbs.git`
2. `npm install`
3. `npm run dev` to start the deveopment server.
4. Visit [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000)

## Build

`npm run build` will create the minified bundle in the `dist` folder

## Usage

Crumbs returns a stringed array of the type cookies that are to be set.

These types are:

- functional
- targeting
- performance

These are accessed by calling the `onSave` method after instantiation.

```
document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', () => {

  const cookies = new Crumbs();
  cookies.on('onSave', (preferences) => {
    if (preferences.includes('functional')) {
      // Set some functional cookies
    }
    if (preferences.includes('targeting')) {
      // Set some targeting cookies
    }
    if (preferences.includes('performance')) {
      // Set some performance cookies
    }
  });
});
```

## Options

There is currently one required option that you need to pass to the Crumbs constructor

`editSettingsButton`: This is an HTMLElement that you want to attach an event listener too in order for the user to change the cookie settings

**Example**

```
document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', () => {

  const cookies = new Crumbs({
    editSettingsButtons: document.querySelector('.edit-cookies')
  });

});
```

### Styling

Most of the styling is left to the project you are using Crumbs in expect a the main positioning of elements. For example, the banner being stuck to the bottom of the page and the edit preferences dialog being in the middle of the screen.

There are however some colours that you can override with some CSS custom properties. These are as follows:

```
:root {
  --edit-crumbs-bg: #f4f4f4;
  --edit-crumbs-overlay: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.4);
  --edit-crumbs-cta-bg: gainsboro;
  --crumbs-toggle-switch-bg: #858585;
  --crumbs-toggle-checked-bg: #e0e0e0;
  --crumbs-toggle-border-color: #dddddd;
  --crumbs-toggle-switch-border-color: #a8a8a8;
}
```

What you see above is all the defaults that are provided by Crumbs.

### Webpack Analyzer

Possibly a bit overkill for this sort of project however when running the environment locally
you will also get the webpack analyser spinning up locally at `http://127.0.0.1:8888/`

Commit message:

chore: add days option to README

README.md, after:

# Crumbs

A small package that will determine which cookies a user is willing to accept.

## Prerequesites

Node > 10.13

## Installation and developing locally.

1. Clone the repo via `git clone git@github.com:krystal/crumbs.git`
2. `npm install`
3. `npm run dev` to start the deveopment server.
4. Visit [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000)

## Build

`npm run build` will create the minified bundle in the `dist` folder

## Usage

Crumbs returns a stringed array of the type cookies that are to be set.

These types are:

- functional
- targeting
- performance

These are accessed by calling the `onSave` method after instantiation.

```
document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', () => {

  const cookies = new Crumbs();
  cookies.on('onSave', (preferences) => {
    if (preferences.includes('functional')) {
      // Set some functional cookies
    }
    if (preferences.includes('targeting')) {
      // Set some targeting cookies
    }
    if (preferences.includes('performance')) {
      // Set some performance cookies
    }
  });
});
```

## Options

There is currently two required options that you need to pass to the Crumbs constructor

`editSettingsButton`: This is an HTMLElement that you want to attach an event listener too in order for the user to change the cookie settings

`days`: The duration of the cookie that is set on acceptance

**Example**

```
document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', () => {

  const cookies = new Crumbs({
    editSettingsButtons: document.querySelector('.edit-cookies')
  });

});
```

### Styling

Most of the styling is left to the project you are using Crumbs in expect a the main positioning of elements. For example, the banner being stuck to the bottom of the page and the edit preferences dialog being in the middle of the screen.

There are however some colours that you can override with some CSS custom properties. These are as follows:

```
:root {
  --edit-crumbs-bg: #f4f4f4;
  --edit-crumbs-overlay: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.4);
  --edit-crumbs-cta-bg: gainsboro;
  --crumbs-toggle-switch-bg: #858585;
  --crumbs-toggle-checked-bg: #e0e0e0;
  --crumbs-toggle-border-color: #dddddd;
  --crumbs-toggle-switch-border-color: #a8a8a8;
}
```

What you see above is all the defaults that are provided by Crumbs.

### Webpack Analyzer

Possibly a bit overkill for this sort of project however when running the environment locally
you will also get the webpack analyser spinning up locally at `http://127.0.0.1:8888/`
